friends in this day of the child of questions
good one of my biggest mischief
It was a day that I bought myself not to be
white I had bought it to go to the
school
Y
and that is the same day that I bought it
it was morning and afternoon
I looked at the ball
uy
not thinking about what
that it was going to rain then imagine
you kind of omit me with the rain
the earth full of mud
the prank what good also I
they punished I tell you always as a child
They called me a lot the lonely ones
strong and spent a lot of time with my
friends playing with them and we go on
where we go to the market to bought up
the date when I go at Christmas and the year
new
several times I got in trouble and good
the one that I remember the most now, a lot of grace
with some friends especially with a
Federico and we are going to buy accounts
of the little popcorn and we passed
at truck stops
and we leave you a pigeon in the part of
back is the stop too we were not
so unconscious we are going back to
that they will impersonate and two or three times we
it sounded like they were thundering and they were running
because people got so upset
then the town was very very
funny and yes yes we got to put in
several aspects because more than once
it almost reaches us
what we will implement
to the teacher as soon as that secondary of
maths
xicola degrees I remember a lot that with
the companions came down that was life
presents
good some mischief I wanted from the child
that instead of going to the catechism for
do missions
Well, later when the father said that
not ours because when in the house
My mom always gave me a gift because I
break something broke his pottery and
normally the rice and he hid in
places that were not found after
but
I already knew that I was a little naughty
the truth that as a child I was the youngest
of the brothers learned many mornings
where they already at a Christmas party
that we were
living with the family they got together
many are 14 brothers back then
of minimal then they were too many and
once we bought my brother and ones
furniture and they were stories that go from
fashion from the commune maderita where díaz al
cigar and time to learn the
post-it thundered well that we grabbed the
pack of an uncle
We knew that he smoked a lot and we started him
changes in countries without giving
account we put the
cajeta and cigars in that
those places
and at the moment they were living together
intensity
the situation many got upset and started
to investigate who was who he was and
only my brother and I knew if I
I brought an era that when I was a child
the ball started playing soccer
once we liked to bet football the
silver and my mother sent me to buy the
breakfast
I bet and I lost it
is that I wrote in the one I remember because
football because of the passion that one of
children and that I am now in the cube
thank God they are anecdote that does not
it happens in life
that teach you to value things